This is where we left off after the previous demo of
implementing our deleteRide functionality.
I'm going to go ahead and give myself some whitespace down below here to
create a new instance of a NamedParameterJdbcTemplate.
Now if you like this approach,
you don't have to create this NamedParameterJdbcTemplate per
method, you can create one up above and pass that in.
So, all we want to do is create that instance and use
our NamedParameterJdbcTemplate.
I'll go ahead and bring this down to the next line so that you can see
the whole thing. And from here, we now need to create a map with our
name value pairs in it. So we'll say Map and import a java.util map,
and it's a String Object pair.
We'll call this paramMap. And this is equal to a new HashMap.
And inside of here, we're going to say paramMap.put, and we'll pass in the
string of id and the value of id. And now all we have to do is that similar SQL
that we implemented up above, but we no longer have the parameters of question
marks in here, rather named parameters. So we'll say namedTemplate.update, and I
am going to grab the SQL from up above and just modify it to show you the change
here. So we'll paste that in, and this is now changed to id and we pass in our
paramMap.
This may seem like a little bit of overkill for just this one parameter,
and I won't argue that it's not, but think in terms of if you had a
search screen where you were maybe passing in 5,
10,
15 different parameters that you're trying to gather and then have that
dynamically map to the SQL in the right positions.
This is a lot better approach than trying to use question marks
and get those built the right way in there because I can just pass
that map of parameterized values in.
Now that we've saved that, I'm going to exit full screen and
switch over to my workbench to see what the last created record I
have in there, and the ID is 15 for me,
yours may be something different depending on how many times you've
run this test. Now we can go back to our test and change the ID of
the record that we want to delete.
I'm going to change mine to 15 because that was the last record I have in there.
Make sure your server is started up, and then right‑click
on that test and say Run As, JUnit Test,
verify that it came back green, which it did. Switch back over to
our workbench, and 15 has now been deleted. And again, what we had
to change there was inside of our RideRepositoryImpl to use that
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate.
So the NamedParameterJdbcTemplate just gives us another option instead of having those question marks inside of our application.